July 10th, 9:00 AM, four days before the demo.
The team is attending attending
an in person team meeting.
Bob is now on track with the project delivery.
He demonstrates
the working web application on his laptop.
Andrew is pretty happy with the progress.
"This looks really good. Excellent work, Bob,"
says Andrew.
"What do you think, Donald?
You look like you want to say something,"
he asks.
Donald takes another dig at Bob,
"While the core aspects have been addressed,
I think we are still missing
some of the new features
the client asked us to add," says Donald.
"Bob, I had sent it over to you earlier this week,
please make sure that these are added
in the final version," he adds.
Bob thinks to himself,
" This guy, doesn't he ever have
something nice to say?
How am I going to work with him
in the same team for the rest of the project?"
"Amira, please add the new requests
from the client to the project plan
and make sure they're tracked.
Bob, please fix them
before the end of the day today."